good evening
i would like to thank all the students
parents and staff for joining us tonight
for the pcs pctc signing event
this has been a very successful year for
pennsylvania county schools as well as
the pennsylvania career technical center
we would like to take this opportunity
to not only highlight our students and
their accomplishments but also the
instructors who put a lot of time and
effort into their programs thank you
skillsusa has partnered with the
pennsylvania current technical center to
acknowledge honor and celebrate high
school seniors who have chosen to pursue
careers in skilled trades and higher
education
national signing day 2022 is an
opportunity to recognize thousands of
high school seniors nationwide who are
committing to careers or continuing
their education
in addition to publicly acknowledging
these students national signing day will
be an opportunity to educate our local
community employers and businesses about
the skills gap and the benefits of
encouraging students to pursue careers
i would like to take this opportunity to
recognize distinguished guests
dr mark jones our division
superintendent
miss joyce price state director for
skillsusa
dean terry and kathy pulliam from
danville community college
miss angela rigney ct director for
pennsylvania county schools
ms sarah hodges average university
mr bill dunn business agent and
assistant apprenticeship coordinator for
local 10
and juan gonzalez mid-atlantic pipe
trading recruiter thank you for being
with us tonight
at this time i asked dr jones division
superintendent to come forward and make
a few remarks
good
evening
this is an exciting night
for you
i know that
my boys are much older than your
children are
but
they went through high school they went
on to college and did some things but
when they got their first job
that's when i was most pleased
you know when they can make their own
money and you know that there's not that
revolving door that comes back and opens
up every time you turn around that's a
good feeling for parents so this is an
exciting time for you all this evening
i'm sure
this is an exciting time for us as well
as a division
we
want to do what's best for the students
and we feel that what's best is first to
set that foundation of skills that they
need
i mean most of that has been set by you
all
to get to work on time
not take long breaks
that's what they learn from you
and then we
are we benefit from that and we're
seeing that this evening because these
students come to us with those set of
foundational skills or values that are
instilled in them from families
we also have sitting in the back on the
back row and that's where i'd be seated
if i were an instructor but sitting on
the back row are the individuals who who
we feel very
proud of we're very proud of this group
and what they provide to our students
we feel like that when they leave
these classes they are ready
they're ready to either go on to dcc
danville community college or step out
into the workforce and to step out into
jobs that that will set them up nicely
for
down the road when they start having
families you know they're secure
in their futures and so that's what
we're about we're also very pleased to
have partnerships with the businesses
and we appreciate that collaboration
we know that
that really we serve them
i mean we need their input on what
what our product is and that's our
students and and your children you know
when they enter the workforce what they
see are deficits or what they see our
strengths when our students leave us and
go to them so this is quite an
opportunity for us to really get
feedback from our businesses to ensure
that we're doing what we need to do for
our children our students
and that we put courses in place that
create these opportunities where our
children leave us and they can make
a good money and that's kind of simple
terms but that's what i'm sure you want
for your children to be very successful
i end my comments this evening first for
thanking you all
uh parents for sharing your children
with us for 13 years
i thank our staff for the excellent work
that they do each and every day in
preparing the students and i thank our
students for the hard work that they
have displayed over the last 13 years
that has prepared them to enter the
workforce and most importantly i think
our businesses
thank you
thank you dr jones
at this time i'll ask joyce price our
state director of skillsusa if she has a
few remarks
good evening everyone
um i did not prepare anything i didn't
know i was going to say anything when i
first got here but i would like to say
thank you so much for having me
i would also like to congratulate all
the students who are here and let you
know how very important it is for you to
be doing this tonight i know there's a
lot of emphasis put on
signing for sports day but you're going
to be signing for your career and your
future and that's so important something
that you're going to be doing for the
rest of your life and i want to commend
pennsylvania county for taking the
opportunity and taking the time to do
this
all of the advisors i you know working
with you i know what how much time and
effort you put into this and how much
that we that i personally appreciate
everything that you do
again congratulations to everyone
and thank you again for having me with
you tonight i truly appreciate it
[Applause]
at this time
i will start the student signing event
students when i call your name please
sit at the center table with your
parents family college industry rep and
pctc instructor or instructors if you've
taken multiple programs
we will start this evening with avert
university
jacob thompson please come forward
mr jacob thompson is the son of john and
linda thompson
jacob is currently enrolled in the emt
program with mr jeffrey reynolds and
last year he completed the nursing
program at pctc with miss joan hendricks
jacob will be attending avert university
pursuing a bsn degree in nursing
jacob you can now sign your letter of
intent
congratulations jacob
thank you
good to go
next will be danville community college
will mr leighton wilson come forward
thank you
thank you so much
mr leighton wilson is the son of
marianne weeks and the late david wilson
leighton will be finishing up his second
year in precision machining program
under the guidance of mr robert spears
leighton will be attending the precision
machining program at danville community
college this fall and then plans on
continuing his education in the capstone
program at the gene haas facility
leighton is also a state winner of
skillsusa in the cnc milling competition
and will be attending nationals this
summer in atlanta leighton you can go
ahead and sign your letter of intent
congratulations leighton
[Applause]
uh
congratulations
miss kayla pleasant please come forward
miss kayla pleasant is the daughter of
bobby and jamie pleasant kayla is
enrolled in the pctc culinary arts
program with miss donna hudson last year
kayla completed the criminal justice law
program with miss toni morris after
graduation kayla plans on attending
danville community college to pursue a
degree in nursing at this time kayla
please sign your letter of intent
congratulations kayla
mr zorrin southern please come forward
mr zorin southern is the son of daniel
and yvette southern zoran is enrolled in
the auto body program with mr eric
mustain
zorn plans on attending danville
community college this fall and will
enroll in the welding program for the
atdm program at this time please sign
your letter of intent
congratulations
[Applause]
[Music]
grab your bag
that bag is his
congratulations
mr keon pannell please come forward
mr keon pannell is the son of
christopher pannell and brenda wilson
keon is enrolled in our auto body
program under the guidance of mr eric
mustain he also completed pctc
automation robotics program with mr
brandon bartz after graduation keon
plans on attending danville community
college to pursue a degree in automation
robotics keon please sign your letter of
intent
congratulations
[Applause]
mr charles c fourth please come forward
mr charles c fourth is the son of scott
and janet seaforth charlie is enrolled
in electricity program at pctc under the
guidance of mr brandon barts charlie
plans on attending danville community
college to pursue the electrical program
and concentrate in the program
management at this time please sign your
letter of intent
congratulations charlie
[Applause]
miss brittany eames ramirez i'm not sure
if she's here today
okay so that concludes danville
community college thank you ladies
at this time we'll miss serenity ward
please come forward
hey
miss serenity ward is the daughter of
shantae ward and jonathan pannell
serenity is enrolled in the computer
systems program with mr joshua mckinney
serenity plans on attending radford
university in the fall and to pursue a
degree in cyber security at this time
please sign your letter of intent
congratulations
[Applause]
we will now transition to workforce miss
lillian hudgins please come forward
miss lillian hudgins is the daughter of
alex and audrey hudgins lillian will be
finishing up her two years in the
welding program with mr travis wood
after graduation lillian will join the
workforce as a second year apprentice
for local 10 pipefitters as a welder
lillian is a state winner of skillsusa
welding fabrication and is also the
first female to win this competition in
the state of virginia
lillian will be attending nationals this
summer in atlanta georgia
lillian please sign your letter of
intent
congratulations
[Applause]
oh she's signing the real thing folks
right here
[Laughter]
congratulations
mr dylan rojas please come forward
mr dylan dylan rojas is the son of cody
rojas and david callaway dylan will be
finishing up his two-year welding
program with mr travis wood at pctc
after graduation dylan plans on joining
the workforce and work for southeast
connections as a welder
southeast connections could not be with
us tonight but they did send a personal
letter to dylan i'm going to read this
at that time
dylan we are thrilled you are dedicating
your your career to southeast
connections and our family we hope
you've taken a moment to reflect on all
your accomplishments and dedication to
your career and technical education
program
now beginning the next steps of your
career a career in the skilled trades
will help build america's infrastructure
we are incredibly proud of more than
twelve thousand men and women who we
employ across america you are joining a
team of dedicated skilled welders with a
reputation that spans our entire
industry we appreciate your interest in
southeast connections and look forward
to seeing you and all your
accomplishments wishing you the well and
much much success
sec
dylan at this time you can sign your
letter of intent
congratulations
[Music]
[Applause]
and last but not least miss destiny gray
please come forward
miss destiny gray is the daughter of
daniel and tanya gray destiny is
enrolled in the culinary arts program
under the guidance of miss donna hudson
and she also completed the pctc criminal
justice law program with miss toni
morris destiny plans on joining the
workforce as a correctional officer at
green rock correctional facility at this
time please sign your letter of intent
congratulations
thank you
again i want to thank everyone who came
this evening but most importantly i want
to thank the students
thank you for committing yourself to not
only pctc but your career
this commitment to our school i know and
understand that is a year-long and
sometimes a two-year long commitment
depending on your program i am extremely
proud of you and your hard work and your
accomplishments and i wish you the very
best as you move forward thank you
[Applause]
you